Update minimum-requirements.md (#6898)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/minimum-requirements.md

- Windows 10 Enterprise E5
- Windows 10 Education A5
- Microsoft 365 E5 (M365 E5) which includes Windows 10 Enterprise E5 or Windows 11 Enterprise E5
- Microsoft 365 A5 (M365 A5) 

> - Microsoft 365 E3 (M365 E3) with Addon Enterprise Mobility + Security E5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Microsoft 365 E3 (M365 E3) with Enterprise Mobility + Security E5 Add-on
```
